[Music]
for the love of God man I want to be a
resentful taco delivery boy there's a
real hell on Earth you know I had a guy
come up to
me
Dr
[Music]
Universe left yourself an absolute
mess and it made him awful sad he
invented philosophical doctrines
designed to drive us all quite mad
critical racists now an us they H and
sat
multiplying all around us it's time we
cut them down to
[Music]
SI Dr and
Dr
my the universe
invented philosophical Notions
deconstructive in every way
sh Joker suck a poker in our eyes Tri to
challeng anent wisdom all he did was
demon he SE and
[Applause]
grandious
every nothing compared to Butler we
all Fade Away we drink and
[Music]
drinkers Richard
Roy Richard Ro
Gordo is truly not
helpful is
Tru with his Assurance nothing's real
call me
[Music]
pig what of
hunger what
what
a Mr
skeptic
[Music]
M when a child La
[Applause]
a
[Music]
what a hunger
cated as a sage who proclaimed that sex
was raining
she's
for known as she Ace
to CR Us Al so she BRS
time in
place
[Music]
Andress
do
[Music]
[Applause]
destru